so you guys you guys jump in a lot of
puddles with your kids yeah I guess so
and not rubber boots no actually did
yellow boots rubber boots yeah read
those boots you know where you can't get
wet so you can jump in every single
title out there let's go nuts it was
probably official black or you guys on
the stock market ya think so like I
don't know anything about business yeah
but I think so hey you're probably get
Helen publicly tree to get ready yeah
well all I do is I got design be nice
and I wear them that's my job what is
the ascetics Stock Exchange calls
starkest whatever it was it collapsed
right yeah Herod they went to
pretty lights but we're getting back on
our feet do you wish you were Greek or
Icelandic it's pretty soon to be i
standing but i guess the weathering
didn't agree supreme when our greg was
pretty better than warm and nice right
lobsters lobsters all right what about
lobsters such is that to occupy a
lobster or like loose it on the round
well lobster is an idea we got like I
don't know three weeks ago maybe next to
the whole company happened in three days
and passengers from the idea drop them
had a board ready for others who
happened in Sweden is pretty amazing
Peter status we had to try something new
and I was a good way to do it it's going
out to here create a be thinkin I mean
we got like started sick of opportunity
to like try it out so if you will not at
least try it out we woulda liked
regretted reliable because now we can at
least try it if it works we're stoked if
it doesn't like who cares it's not much
room again when they say respond it's
not your money is it's going to be fun
to travel to whatever happened that
hobby poi is your money petrus money has
headers money so we already carry the
girls get here we go well yeah that's
another thing there's 7 and 13 7 I need
one yo yeah that's a hot people at last
lobster and 7-10 so it's a shoelace
coming don't have to tie it you don't
have to tie it so if you're lazy miss
filmer auschwitz lately it probably
saves you like up to a minute every day
sign it OH spread right there so it's
really good I mean it no kids right